NEXT-7416 - Prevent double submit in checkout (#151)
shopwareBoostDay/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2020-09-17-prevent-double-submit-in-checkout.md

---
title: Prevent double submit in checkout
issue: NEXT-7416
author: Claudio Bianco
author_email: info@claudio-bianco.de
author_github: @claudiobianco
---
# Core
* Catch `EmptyCartException` when submitting order with empty cart (e.g. due to double click submit button)
___
# Storefront

> * Add option for FormSubmitLoaderPlugin to disable button after submit

Author: ```suggestion
* Added option for FormSubmitLoaderPlugin to disable button after submit
```

> * Use FormSubmitLoader for submitting order in checkout and disable button after submit

Author: ```suggestion
* Changed checkout order button to use `FormSubmitLoader` to prevent submitting it multiple times
```
